Update uploading-artifacts.md (#2119)
travis-ci/docs-travis-ci-com: user/uploading-artifacts.md

[`after success`](/user/job-lifecycle/) stage of the
build.

> > Note that the artifacts addon is not available for pull requests. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note that the artifacts addon is not available for pull request builds.
```
